all reindeer here need the cladonia
group of lichen a nutritious mix of
algae and fungi it grows all over these
northern forests so finding food for the
reindeer
on my journey won't be an issue today
sunset is around quarter past 2:00 in
the afternoon
it's the ideal time to try out a
specialist camera I've brought to film
the Northern Lights and now I've got the
perfect subjects to taste it on hey boys
this is one of the most light sensitive
cameras in the world I have to say that
these images look beautiful in this in
this light a short time ago if you
wanted to film these light levels you'd
have to film in an infrared and then
everything is seen in than black and
white but this camera picks up color and
that's what I really want is not just to
see there the Northern Lights and the
shapes that they make in the sky to see
that there are lights in the sky but to
actually see the richness of color
hopefully even see colors that I can't
even see with my my own eyes and filming
the reindeer is a good way to actually
just get my sense at this time a night
of what this camera can do
and my favorite friendlier reindeer
isn't camera shy this is really exciting
I'm really looking forward to the next
stage of this adventure heading off into
the wilds with with my reindeer
[Music]
I've got one more day left with Pesci
and today he wants to show me how to
drive a reindeer sleigh I know which
reindeer I'd like to use but I need to
see what patrons hello boys see I quite
like I quite like this one it's being
friendly
this is a good one for nicely all this
good one this oriental one yeah why is
that it's not so old like this one
really cuz I was going for which one
which one I liked the most the
friendliest one it does make sense to
take the bigger stronger reindeer but he
just puts me a bit on edge there's one
thing I I don't quite like about the
reindeer I should speak a bit more
quietly because I don't want it to hear
me is that it's got an it's got quite an
aggressive looking part of this antler
that comes straight out and every time
I'm close to I think it's gonna go to my
eye out but I suppose it's about
selecting the best we India for the job
and the job is to pull the sleigh
to get to grips with flea raiding Petri
wants me to follow him on an eight
kilometer circuit of a frozen lake yes
I'm positive I'm ready okay and here's
cos tonight's about seventy government
in which direction that's me
okay seventy kilometers Jeanne with the
hospital loose hopefully won't need that
ready let's go come on come on come on
come on why he may be the strongest
reindeer it seems he's also the most
stubborn everything's okay come on
I really hope this isn't a sign of
things to come
[Music]
[Applause]
once my reindeer does get going I can
enjoy the ride there's something very
very nice of it being pulled along
through the snow by a reindeer see white
fans have done this all these years or
something you could could grow tired off
reindeer make driving a sleigh easy a
gentle tap with rope is all that's
needed to keep them going their splayed
hooves act like snowshoes come on boy so
they can pool hundreds of kilos in
weight and if the conditions are right
they can cover nearly 50 kilometres in a
day that's quite I suppose it's moving
kind of pace that I could walk at but
the one thing it does do it gives me the
opportunity to look around and enjoy
there one of the boat me and it's
beautiful is a winter wonderland
[Music]
[Applause]